[docs] Add an example page (#5144)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/examples/README.md

---
layout: docs
title: Examples
permalink: /documentation/examples/
---
# Examples

This section lists examples from the [testcafe-examples](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples) repository. All examples are ready to run.

## Locating Elements

Example | Description
------- | ------------

> [Find Element By Trimmed Text](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/find-element-by-trimmed-text) | Find a header element with extra space characters by trimmed text content.

Reviewer: Can you please clarify the functionality of this feature - for my understanding?
Does this feature search for elements that have additional space characters within the website/web page that is being tested?

Author: No, in this example, the page header consists of a meaningful part and some random number of space characters around it. We know the meaningful part (i.e. the "trimmed text"), so this example shows how we can find the header element using this part only, without knowing anything about these random space characters.

So, we can say something like:

*Shows how to ignore white-space characters when searching for an element by text.*
*Finds an element by text without regard to white-space characters at its ends.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Find Element By Trimmed Text](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/find-element-by-trimmed-text) | Ignores white-space characters when searching for an element by text.
```

> [Use XPath Selectors](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/use-xpath-selectors) | Find an input with an XPath selector.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean by "an input with an XPath selector"? Does this feature search for XPath expressions within markup? If not, please clarify.

Author: It means the example uses an XPath selector to find an input (I just didn't want to repeat the first column).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Use XPath Selectors](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/use-xpath-selectors) | Find an input with an XPath selector.
```

Reviewer: Thank you. Okay, your version is fine then.

## Testing the DOM

Example | Description
------- | ------------

> [Access Element Properties](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/element-properties) | Access DOM element's properties and verify them with assertions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Access Element Properties](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/element-properties) | Access DOM element properties and verify them with assertions.
```

[Iterate Over Table Rows](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/iterate-over-table-rows) | Verify cell content for even and odd rows.
[Test \<select\> Elements](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/test-select-elements) | Open a `<select>` element's drop-down list, click an item, and verify the value.
[Page Reload](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/page-manipulation) | Execute custom code on the page to obtain data or manipulate the page state.

## Test Organization

Example | Description
------- | ------------
[Extract Code to Helpers](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/extract-code-to-helpers) | Extract test code to functions defined in a separate module.
[Create Data-Driven Tests](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/create-data-driven-tests) | Create a test that performs parameterized actions.

> [Use Page Model](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/use-page-model) | Abstract out element selectors and common operations with these elements into a page model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Use Page Model](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/use-page-model) | Extract element selectors and common operations with these elements to a page model.
```

## Interoperability

Example | Description
------- | ------------
[Inject Custom Client Scripts](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/client-scripts) | Inject Node.js modules into the tested webpage.
[Import Third-Party Modules](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/import-third-party-modules) | Import a third-party Node.js module into test code.

## Browser API Mocks

Example | Description
------- | ------------

> [Mock Date](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/mock-date) | Use [mockdate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mockdate) to substitute the current data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mock Date](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/mock-date) | Substitute current data with [mockdate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mockdate).
```

> [Mock Geolocation API](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/mock-geolocation-api) | Substitute the location in test code.

Reviewer: If you say "Substitute" in this sentence, then we also need to clarify what is being substituted.
Do you mean:

"Substitutes the current location with a mock location."

## Wait Mechanisms

Example | Description
------- | ------------
[Wait Until an Element Property Has a Specific Value](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/wait-for-element-property-value) | Use an assertion to pause the test until an element's width is `100%`.

> [Wait For File Download](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/wait-for-file-download) | Specify that a test should to wait for the file to download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wait For File Download](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/wait-for-file-download) | Specify that the test should wait for the file to download.
```

---
layout: docs
title: Examples
permalink: /documentation/examples/
---
# Examples

This section lists examples from the [testcafe-examples](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples) repository. All examples are ready to run.

## Locate Elements

Example | Description
------- | ------------
[Find Element By Trimmed Text](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/find-element-by-trimmed-text) | Find a header element with extra space characters by its trimmed text content.
[Use XPath Selectors](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/tree/master/examples/use-xpath-selectors) | Find an input with an XPath selector.

> ## Verifications

Author: Excellent
